# Thread 163158


---
**RaunakThatoi**  
*2025-01-13T16:45:09.817Z*


dear [@carlton](/u/carlton) sir i am unable to access the course calender for tds and also not able to get the recorded videos of tds in my portal.kindly help me out with this




---
**jahnavih**  
*2025-01-13T17:01:32.562Z*


Same issue with me sir.  
This is how my dashboard looks like. It shows the same for week 2 as well.

[The online learning platform interface displays a "Graded Assignment 1" for the course "Module 1: Development Tools," listing the due date (Jan 26, 2025), instructions to use a student ID for the assignment, and a question asking if the user has attempted the assignment, with "Yes" and "No" radio button options.dashboard_tds_jahnaviHunsigida936×561 93.3 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/7/8/782e69e2b13a88c1e2dd54a2cb28d8778828c041.jpeg "dashboard_tds_jahnaviHunsigida")




---
**carlton**  
*2025-01-13T17:25:38.996Z*


[@RaunakThatoi](/u/raunakthatoi) [@jahnavih](/u/jahnavih)

The course content is available at

[The course introduction page from the IIT Madras Jan 2025-TDS course, which includes a 5/5 rating, a link labeled "TDS 2025 Jan Term" to access the entire course, and a navigation menu on the left side showing selections for "Modules," "Grades," and the currently selected "Course Introduction" within the Modules section, with sub-modules like "Module 1: Development Tools" and "Module 2: Deployment Tools."Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.142068×788 75.4 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7c29496f7b2a20dc259fb7176a17e75513d1f20.png "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.14")

At [Tools in Data Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/) the course calendar is also available.

[The image displays a list of course links and resources for "Tools in Data Science," including links to discourse, student handbooks, course homepages, grading documents, course pages, calendars, announcement groups, materials, and TA sessions, specifically for January 2025.Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.332044×1082 250 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/f/dfbb3776487be8186e362fb0f11ec940f82939b0.png "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33")

Likewise the GAs also are available through the links in the seek portal as well as on the course domain shared above.

The course introduction has very important information. Many students who faced problems in Tools for Data Science in previous terms usually never read the intro. Please be diligent to read _everything carefully._

Don’t gloss over these bits (they are expandable if you click on them) for eg…

[The image lists several facts about the course including it exposing the students to real-life tools, being quite hard, programming skills being a pre-requisite, and encouraging learning by sharing.Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.59.19778×268 22.7 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/3/f35f45e7fddf76617cfba3d572f348f225c6978f.png "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.59.19")

[The image shows student feedback about a course that has become more difficult recently, requiring a solid grasp of programming and data science concepts and suggesting students take a graded assignment to assess their readiness.Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 23.01.491684×920 104 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/f/6/f6b27ff9eac7292e61489e8e695d2cafc433ad86.png "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 23.01.49")

Kind regards




---
**Mandy**  
*2025-01-25T11:46:39.675Z*


I’m confused where exactly is the TDS course?  


[The display shows a "Graded Assignment 1" quiz on a course platform, instructing students to disable ad blockers and ensure cookies and JavaScript are enabled for proper site access, requiring them to confirm they have seen the assignment at a provided link to receive evaluation, with a "Yes/No" question about having seen and attempted the assignment before submitting.image1920×1073 124 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/2/c27c6f5e0febea8fee5c5ae9668eadf3bcdb8149.png "image")

  
Where are the weekly videos?  
Where and what is the assignment?  
I’m confused.




---
**carlton**  
*2025-01-25T13:45:37.712Z*


Kindly refer to this post

 [Tds jan 2025 calender accesss and video lecture access in portal](https://discourse.onlinedegree.iitm.ac.in/t/tds-jan-2025-calender-accesss-and-video-lecture-access-in-portal/163158/3) [Tools in Data Science](/c/courses/tds-kb/34)

> [@RaunakThatoi](/u/raunakthatoi) [@jahnavih](/u/jahnavih) The course content is available at [[Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.14]](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/b/7/b7c29496f7b2a20dc259fb7176a17e75513d1f20.png "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.47.14") At [Tools in Data Science](https://tds.s-anand.net/#/) the course calendar is also available. [[Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33]](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/d/f/dfbb3776487be8186e362fb0f11ec940f82939b0.png "Screenshot 2025-01-13 at 22.51.33") Likewise the GAs also are available through the links in the seek portal as well as on the course domain shared above. The course introduction has very important information. Many students who faced problems in Tools for Data Science in previous terms usually never read the intro. Please be dilig… 

Kind regards


