# Thread 171485


---
**22f3000585**  
*2025-04-01T05:16:56.562Z*


Sir,

The License file is present in the github repository however i received a mail that said that it was absent.  


[The image depicts a GitHub repository named "tds_project-1" displaying its main branch, files like 'app.py', 'Dockerfile', 'LICENSE', and 'requirements.txt', along with their last commit messages and timestamps, indicating a project's code repository structure and commit history.image1145×673 33.8 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/6/a63b3e5cf7847aad19780199e18d9767880f3de8.png "image")

  


[The image shows a project evaluation screen indicating that while the Docker image, GitHub repository, and Dockerfile were correctly implemented, the MIT license was missing, resulting in a failed prerequisites status and a score of 0.image633×336 7.1 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/3/4/3401452ad3977fe3c1b1abed1f71a21c212e2b67.png "image")

Sir I thought that the ‘LICENSE’ file had to be renamed to ‘MIT LICENSE’.  
Can you please look into it. Thankyou!




---
**Jivraj**  
*2025-04-01T20:57:59.477Z*


Hi [@22f3000585](/u/22f3000585)

Standard MIT License naming criteria is to be named as LICENSE or LICENSE.md(all caps).

[Adding a license to a repository - GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository)

Kind regards




---
**22f3000585**  
*2025-04-02T04:12:14.016Z*


[The image shows a failure notification for a GitHub submission, citing the absence of the repository, an MIT license, and a Dockerfile.image931×108 3.89 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/c/8/c8427416a3a409a40e867207ca01bfa005a13ee1.png "image")

  
Sir, this is why i renamed it to ‘MIT LICENSE’.  
Sir can you please consider it. Thank you!




---
**24ds2000125**  
*2025-04-02T11:20:10.590Z*


Same here. I also added and saved the file as MIT license because of the following message. I request you to please consider evaluating the project.  


[The image shows a message indicating that the submission checklist requires no "MIT" text in the LICENSE file and a Dockerfile, and that only the latest submissions from students will be considered for scoring.Screenshot 2025-04-02 at 4.49.23 PM1776×228 15.5 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/1/0/10955f2f7c9b561ca872130e2609cd3fbaf4c138.png "Screenshot 2025-04-02 at 4.49.23 PM")




---
**carlton**  
*2025-04-02T15:04:59.106Z*


[@24ds2000125](/u/24ds2000125) [@22f3000585](/u/22f3000585)

I completely appreciate that you feel these are minor issues.

But the team has decided that we cannot allow students to make changes to their repos. Because someone else might have another minor issue they want to fix. We have to apply the rule uniformly.

Unfortunately we cannot allow submissions that fail the prerequisites.  
Changing it now will not suddenly make it eligible.

These things do matter when done at scale. Its an important lesson Anand wants students to understand. These “minor” things matter.

Its a bit like assembling a rocket and forgetting the checklist for the pilot. Minor detail, costs Rs 2, but the rocket cannot leave without it.

We had a significant discussion about it internally. For the sake of fairness to everyone who got it right, we cannot allow edits after the Project deadline. It makes the prerequisites meaningless, especially when it was clearly stressed upon in the sessions and the Project page.

I know you will feel very disappointed but it is the decision the team has made and I have shared the reasons why.

Kindest regards




---
**22f3000585**  
*2025-04-02T15:20:45.985Z*


Sir,  
Thankyou for your prompt reply to my query.  
I wanted to let you know that i had made change of ‘LICENSE’ to ‘MIT LICENSE’ on the 16th of Feb itself as that was the day that i had received the mail and because I saw that the submission date had been extended by one day(i.e the 16th of Feb itself).  
I completely understand what you are trying to convey but that was the sole reason i made that change on the 16th.  
I completely respect your decision but if there is even a slight possibility that you consider it (only because I did it on the 16th) I would highly appreciate it.  
Thankyou!




---
**carlton**  
*2025-04-02T15:55:00.653Z*


One thing we are doing is looking at the latest commit before the 18th of Feb. So if it was correct before the 18th of Feb then we will consider it and evaluate it, but it has to be precisely what is expected. If so, then your submission will be evaluated by building the image from the docker manifest in the github present at the version before the 18th.




---
**22f3000585**  
*2025-04-02T16:02:57.956Z*


Well noted sir. Thanks a lot!




---
**22f3000585**  
*2025-04-06T13:59:53.894Z*


Sir, I received the mail today -  


[The image displays a pre-requisites check report for a software project, indicating that the Docker and GitHub repositories exist, are public, and have timestamps before February 18th, that a Dockerfile exists, but a LICENSE or LICENSE.md file is missing (MIT License).image652×156 5.43 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/a/d/ad119b889a66e6eab18abe54c39a127738d6aecc.png "image")

  
Sir, I had already added the LICENSE and changed it to’MIT LICENSE’ due to this reason before the deadline itself.  


[The image shows an error message indicating that a GitHub repository submission failed because the repository was not found, and it's also missing an "MIT" license and a Dockerfile.image836×101 18.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/2/4/249405cda01477954f6512c23abf1e0847f2f922.png "image")

  
Sir,the rest of my prerequistes are working well.Can you please check as due to this my project has also not been evaluated.The MIT LICENSE file was already present in the github repo as I submitted my project’s github repo in the google form that was provided.  


[The image displays a code repository's file directory, showing files like 'Dockerfile', 'LICENSE', 'MIT LICENSE', 'app.py', 'requirements.txt', and 'test.txt', along with their commit messages such as 'Create LICENSE' or 'Final Submission', and the timestamps indicating when they were last modified.image1113×487 20.2 KB](https://europe1.discourse-cdn.com/flex013/uploads/iitm/original/3X/4/7/47978e33c2430ea0e93f2b67507864bad6a01cd8.png "image")

  
Sir can you please check.  
Thankyou


